Ahead of the sixth-generation Honda CR-V‘s Malaysian launch, which is expected later this month, Honda Malaysia has been previewing the SUV via a series of customer showcases at selected dealerships across the country. The previews, […]
The post 2024 Honda CR… By B.N. Frank Recently it was reported that not only electric vehicle (EV) sales are way down in the U.S., the vehicles themselves continue to...
City Unveils Section of Road that Allows EV Drivers to Wirelessly Charge Their Vehicles as They Drive Over It Lcnb Corp decreased its holdings in Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) by 17.6% in the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4,270 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock a… Many younger buyers are opting for pre-owned cars over new ones, with 4.5M sold in India last year. Start-ups in the used-car segment are focusing on tech-based solutions, ancillary services, and unit economics to tap into the largely unorganised market. Cars… If you are operating an enemy tank, the deep, buzzing belch of cannon fire from an A-10 Thunderbolt II may be the last thing you ever hear.
The A-10, better known as the Warthog, has a rotary cannon called the GAU-8 Avenger that can sustain 600 revolutions an… Fund Management at Engine No. 1 LLC lifted its position in shares of Albemarle Co. (NYSE:ALB – Free Report) by 7.5% during the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional inves… Ghisallo Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in EVgo, Inc. (NYSE:EVGO – Free Report) during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 500,000 share… There are products that transcend markets, that pull new people into long established markets. Clearly, the products have to be ... [continued]
The post This Awesome Water Capsule Should Be Electric! Oh, Wait … appeared first on CleanTechnica. Union Square Park Capital Management LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Garrett Motion Inc. (NYSE:GTX – Free Report) by 246.2% during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional … Partners Capital Investment Group LLP bought a new stake in Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ:PLUG – Free Report) in the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 51,249 shares o… Partners Capital Investment Group LLP purchased a new stake in shares of Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) in the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 3,125 shares of the elect… London’s biggest minicab company has U-turned on plans for all its cars to produce zero emissions this year, blaming a lack of public chargers in the capital. Addison Lee said it had spent £30m on new Volkswagen Multivans, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PH… Kim LLC cut its position in Mobiv Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ:MOBV – Free Report) by 48.7% in the second quarter, HoldingsChannel reports. The institutional investor owned 158,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 150,000 shares during the period. Kim … BELGRADE : Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic said on Sunday he expects automaker Stellantis to produce an electric Fiat Panda city car in the central town Kragujevac. Vucic who spoke after meeting Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni did not give any specif… (marketscreener.com) Serbian President Aleksandar
Vucic said on Sunday he expects automaker Stellantis
to produce an electric Fiat Panda city car in the central town
Kragujevac.
 Vucic who spoke after meeting Italian Prime Minister Giorgia
Meloni did not give… DUBAI, Dec 2 (Reuters) – Exxon Mobil CEO Darren Woods on Saturday rejected the International Energy Agency’s recent claim that using wide-scale carbon capture to fight climate change was an implausible “illusion,”... BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp cut its holdings in Nio Inc – (NYSE:NIO – Free Report) by 1.9% during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 547,200 shares of the c… When GM chief financial officer Paul Jacobson spoke to analysts at a Barclays conference on November 30, he acknowledged the ... [continued]
The post GM Expects Its Electric Vehicles To Become Profitable In 2025 appeared first on CleanTechnica. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC grew its position in shares of Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) by 6.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 3,… Cerity Partners LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Genuine Parts (NYSE:GPC – Free Report) by 17.8% in the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 177,325 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after buying a… Cerity Partners LLC boosted its holdings in shares of BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA – Free Report) by 3.1% in the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 373,783 shares of the auto … Renaissance Technologies LLC grew its stake in shares of Rivian Automotive, Inc. (NASDAQ:RIVN – Free Report) by 159.9% during the second quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned … Glenview Trust Co increased its holdings in Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) by 184.4% in the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 6,175 shares of the electric vehicle pr… One of the best ways to find safe dividends that will protect our principal is in "low-beta" stocks. November saw a new record 29.7% EV share in France, up from 24.4% year on year. Full electrics alone took ... [continued]
The post Record 29.7% EV Share In France — Two Top Ten Teslas appeared first on CleanTechnica. Natixis reduced its holdings in Albemarle Co. (NYSE:ALB – Free Report) by 81.5% in the second quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 5,802 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s… NorthWestern Energy Group (NYSE:NWE – Get Free Report) and VivoPower International (NASDAQ:VVPR – Get Free Report) are both utilities companies, but which is the superior business? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their valuation, a… While Ford is still devoting considerable resources toward its transition to fully electric vehicles, pricing remains a major issue for buyers. As Ford Authority previously reported, the company has been steadily adjusting prices for the Ford Mustang Mach-E a… Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. (OTCMKTS:YAMHF – Get Free Report) saw a large increase in short interest during the month of November. As of November 15th, there was short interest totalling 2,271,300 shares, an increase of 16.9% from the October 31st total of 1,942,2… Filed under:
 Emerging Technologies,Electric,Infrastructure
 Continue reading Wireless EV charging road opens for testing in Detroit
Wireless EV charging road opens for testing in Detroit originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 3 Dec 2023 09:00:00 EST. Please… The L A Times article is full of hand waving climate alarmist politically contrived propaganda claims and assertions that are unsupported by well establish and extensively available energy and climate science measured data. 
The post L A Times Article Reveals… This week in EVs: Tesla holds Cybertruck launch event | Pro Recap Back in 2019, Tesla designer Franz von Holzhausen tried to show off the Cybertruck’s shatterproof windows by throwing a metal ball at each of the truck’s left side windows. The unbreakable windows … broke. Its ambitions may yet meet a number of obstacles Filed under:
 Tokyo Auto Salon,Nissan,Crossover,Electric,Future Vehicles
 Continue reading New electric Nissan Juke, two other EVs, scheduled for across the pond
New electric Nissan Juke, two other EVs, scheduled for across the pond originally appeared on Aut… Nvidia’s AI processor business in China has been all but shuttered by the US Commerce Department, but its DRIVE Orin system-on-a-chip (SoC) for electric autonomous vehicles is still going strong. More than a dozen corporate customers in China contribute to Nv… Kestra Advisory Services LLC decreased its stake in shares of Rivian Automotive, Inc. (NASDAQ:RIVN – Free Report) by 1.1% in the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 81,172 s… At a crucial moment in the fight against climate change, the world’s biggest companies are not delivering on their commitments to curb warming. CBC's Marketplace rounds up the consumer and health news you need from the week. With some huge savings to be had, Mike Rutherford thinks a van could be the perfect vehicle It's a bold and unprecedented time for the automotive industry. Automakers are pouring billions of dollars into future electric vehicle (EV) battery production facilities and ... Read More Lotus' first electric SUV has supercar power and handling with modern charging and operating systems. The Highland upgrade is here at last. Is it enough to make the Model 3 a contender again, or will the lack of indicator stalks and ultrasonic sensors put buyers off? In this week’s edition: EU-China summit preview, Hungary doubling down on Ukraine and a leak on the EU executive's defence industry inquiry. CarMax (NYSE:KMX – Free Report) had its target price lowered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $70.00 to $60.00 in a research report report published on Wednesday, Benzinga reports. The firm currently has an underweight rating on the stock. Other research analysts… Lunaz will deliver more than 200 of these next year


Lunaz is taking knackered diesel bin lorries and giving them a new life as EVs. We take one for a drive 

Not sure about you, but any vehicle with 5000lb ft of torque making weekly tours of my local street… [Africa Renewal] 2 Dec will be Africa Day under the theme 'Scaling up Financing for Climate Action and Green Growth in Africa" HW Electro Puzzle electric delivery van is a multifunctional micro-machine for small businesses of the future During the year, the Central government had issued notice to several electric two wheeler manufacturers asking them to refund about Rs 500 crore as undue subsidy claims . The companies also refunded the cost of chargers to their customers as that has to be pr… Almost 4,000 automotive dealers called on the Biden administration to “tap the brakes” on its electric vehicle (EV) mandate, citing a drop in demand for electric cars. The group of 3,882 dealers – under the aegis of EV Voice of the Customer – wrote an open le… By the year 2025, communist China plans to unleash large number of humanoid robots, meaning robots that look and act like people but are just walking computers and circuitry. In a race with Elon Musk’s Tesla and other Western companies working on similar tech… Before the dust has even settled on key COP28 climate talks in the United Arab Emirates, Japan will host the first summit later this month on a zero carbon emission framework with Australia and Southeast Asian nations in Tokyo. Travel in luxury in the Tokyo area with this new Uber feature! With public transportation so readily available in metropolitan areas in Japan, you may not have a need to call a taxi that often. Now you have an extra reason to, though, as Uber Japan’s recently… “What if there was a better way to make and deliver pizza to you?” asked CNBC’s Jim Cramer—shirtsleeves rolled up, wagging his finger at the camera—as he passionately set up a segment of his popular Mad Money show in June 2018. “Turns out, there is, which bri… The electric two-wheeler maker is also working to increase its own charging network to 2,500 by March 2024 from the current 1,600 even as it is in talks with other manufacturers for adoption of its charging connector. In October this year, the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) had approved Ather Energy's indigenously developed AC and DC combined charging connector as standard for light electric vehicles (LEVs) -- electric two- and three-wheelers, along with micro cars. The electric two-wheeler maker is also working to increase its own charging network to 2,500 by March 2024 from the current 1,600 even as it is in talks with other manufacturers for adoption of its charging connector. Richard Ellenbogen recently gave an important presentation on New York State’s Energy Transition that details his concerns with the net -zero mandate of the Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act (CLCPA).  I think it is important that his message get… &quot;Due to GM's historic investments in the U.S and efforts to build more secure and resilient supply chains we believe GM is well positioned to maintain the consumer purchase incentive for many of our EVs in 2024 and beyond,&quot; the automaker said after … Japan lifted all tsunami warnings on Sunday, hours after a powerful magnitude 7.6 earthquake — followed by four major aftershocks — struck the southern Philippines, sending residents fleeing from coastal areas. Consumer Reports awarded a "recommended" rating to Tesla's Modey Y this year, "with owners reporting fewer issues with its suspension, in-car electronics and general build quality than in previous years". Tesla's Model 3 also earned a "recommended" rating. 

… Thousands of people woke up in homes without electricity in the the greater Seattle area after a night of rain and wind [Removed] [Removed] Solar electric minivan lets you power up in emergency situationsIn the old days, the only function of vehicles was to transport people and goods to their desired location. But as technology evolves, we expect... A powerful magnitude 7.6 earthquake has struck the southern Philippines, triggering fears of a possible tsunami as big aftershocks rumbled in the area. As we cruise into the future of electric vehicles (EVs), the buzz around solid-state battery technology is getting louder and more electrifying. Imagine a world where EVs charge faster than your smartphone, drive huge distances, and are safer than your gran o… BMW offers a wide selection of plug-in hybrids and full electric vehicles these days, but unless you take the time to understand the technical side of things and functional differences between the two types of...
First published by https://www.bmwblog.com Winter weather brought high winds and snow to parts of the Pacific Northwest, knocking out power in some areas and dumping fresh snow across the Cascade Range. WASHINGTON, Dec 1 (Reuters) - A U.S. auto safety regulator said on Friday it is opening an investigation into 73,000 Chevrolet Volt plug-in hybrid cars over reports of abrupt loss of power, failures to restart and other issues. The National Highway Traffic Sa… US targets oil and natural gas industry's role in global warming with new rule on methane emissionsksat.com Tara Byrne, a busy professional, was sold a deal that would reduce her taxable income and provide cost-of-living relief, but the car she signed up for ended up costing more than double its showroom price. It may not be easy to disentangle the government from Musk's sprawling tech empire, which includes commercial spaceflight firm SpaceX, prolific satellite internet service Starlink, electric automaker Tesla, medical device company Neuralink and the social medi… CATL has developed an electric car skateboard it says has a range of 1000 kilometers and can add 300 kilometers of range in 5 minutes.
The post CATL Creates Fast Charging Electric Car Skateboard With 1000 Km Range. appeared first on CleanTechnica. There's green to be made in Green. The Biden administration issued a final rule aimed at reducing methane emissions, targeting the U.S. oil and natural gas industry. Barcelona, Spain (SPX) Nov 28, 2023 -

A recently released map by the Debt Observatory in Globalization, in collaboration with the EJAtlas of Institute of Environmental Science and Technology of the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona (ICTA-UAB), the Institute … The United States has taken action to reduce methane emissions from oil and natural gas production. The Environmental Protection Agency says a new Biden administration rule announced Saturday will sharply reduce methane and other harmful air pollutants that c… Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. raised its position in Power Integrations, Inc. (NASDAQ:POWI – Free Report) by 3.3% during the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fir… Howe & Rusling Inc. acquired a new position in Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 1,024 shares of the electri… Cerity Partners LLC boosted its holdings in Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) by 14.0% during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 203,763 shares of the electric vehic… DUBAI, UAE, Dec. 2, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- NWTN Inc. (Nasdaq: NWTN), an eco-conscious mobility technology company bringing passenger-centric green premium mobility solutions to the world ("NWTN" or the "Company"), is excited to announce a ground-breaking agreem… Copper mines like Rio Tinto's Bingham Canyon mine on the outskirts of Salt Lake City are on the frontline of America's transition to clean energy. Global demand for copper, a major component of electric vehicles, is expected to grow from 25 million metric ton… Volunteer fire services in Nova Scotia are facing tighter budgets as a result of the federal carbon tax, prompting calls for an exemption. Granahan Investment Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of Power Integrations, Inc. (NASDAQ:POWI – Free Report) by 39.4% in the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 115,925 shares of the semiconductor com… Granahan Investment Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of Power Integrations, Inc. (NASDAQ:POWI – Free Report) by 39.4% in the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 115,925 shares of the semiconductor com… Graham Capital Management L.P. purchased a new position in Power Integrations, Inc. (NASDAQ:POWI – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter, HoldingsChannel reports. The fund purchased 19,233 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,821,… Some lawmakers say the government should reevaluate its relationship with Elon Musk and his firms, which agencies support with billions of dollars in contracts. Filed under:
Green,Tesla,Truck,Electric

Continue reading Tesla Cybertruck musings: Let's consider all the angles

Tesla Cybertruck musings: Let's consider all the angles originally appeared on Autoblog on Sat, 2 Dec 2023 11:00:00 EST. Please see our terms fo… Eqis Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Li Auto Inc. (NASDAQ:LI – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm bought 28,125 shares of the company’s stock, va… Electric vehicles, according to a new report from Consumer Reports, have 79% more problems than their internal combustion engine (ICE) counterparts. Plug-in hybrids, the report found, have nearly 150% more problems than ICE vehicles, while hybrids have 26% fe… It has become a great rule of thumb to watch what is happening in Germany if you want to understand what will be happening in America in a few years where energy policy is concerned. Commerce Minister Piyush Goyal said, the age of electric vehicles has arrived in India. More broadly on the economy, he sees India#39;s per capita income at close to $20,000 by 2047. Tesla's new Cybertruck is more than their first new model since 2020, reports the Verge:
Tesla announced a new "Powershare" vehicle-to-load charging capability, only available on the new Cybertruck. The feature will allow Cybertruck owners to power their camp… Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp bought a new stake in CarMax, Inc. (NYSE:KMX – Free Report) in the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 2,805 shares of the com…  Get a recap of recent health, economic, science and environmental stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast.  Get a recap of recent health, economic, science and environmental stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. The era of moving molecules for energy is coming to an end as we electrify everything everywhere all at once. Moving electrons is more efficient and lower impact. Electric vehicles have proved far less reliable, on average, than gasoline-powered cars, trucks and SUVs, according to the latest survey by Consumer Reports.