How is that electric vehicle promotion going?  Well, the car dealers can't sell them.  They sent President Biden a letter calling for a change in strategy, as my old marketing professor used to say. This is the story:


Nea... Spelet släpptes i går










Under gårdagen släpptes det svenskutvecklade spelet SteamWorld Build till Windows, Xbox (Xbox Game Pass) och PlayStation. Spelet är det senaste tillskottet i den uppskattade SteamWorld-serien, där man tidigare har kunnat hitta … In the face of global climate challenges, Nepal has the opportunity to become a beacon of change, showcasing how a united effort at all levels of government can drive the transformation toward a sustainable and eco-friendly future A group of thousands of car dealers asked the White House this week to tap the brakes on an aggressive federal push toward putting more electric vehicles on the road. NIO continues to grow in China. It may not be anywhere close to the sales of EV giants BYD and ... [continued]
The post NIO Sales Up 33.1%, Gets Geely in Another Battery Swapping Deal appeared first on CleanTechnica. Debut of Unplugged Performance UP INVINCIBLE new product line built around Tesla Cybertruck...... Tesla has begun customer deliveries of the Cybertruck, bringing to fruition an Elon Musk passion project that the billionaire boasts is stronger than bullets and faster than a Porsche. DUBAI, UAE, Dec. 01, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NaaS Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: NAAS), the first U.S. listed EV charging service company in China, inaugurated the NaaS Exhibition Hall at the Dubai Chambers' China Innovation Centre, during the 28th United Nations … A swell of online interest in the central African nation has young adults questioning what they puff. The city that claims the first paved stretch of road in America added another first to its list: On Wednesday, Detroit became home to the first road in America that can charge electric vehicles as they drive. Of course, this technologically advanced bit of 14… We normally just cover plugin vehicle sales here on CleanTechnica, and just full battery electric (BEV) sales for the US ... [continued]
The post Electric Vehicles & Hybrids = 18% of US New Vehicle Market appeared first on CleanTechnica. General Motors projects subscription fees to bring in as much as $25 billion a year by 2030. Thanks to a variety of factors, lithium-ion battery packs are at record low prices. After dropping 14%, they are down ... [continued]
The post Record-Low EV Battery Prices in 2023 appeared first on CleanTechnica. This week, an agitated Elon Musk, while sitting on a stage in New York, told the high-powered audience that anyone who chose not to give him money could "Go f*ck yourself." Musk didn't look like he was in his right mind. — Read the rest It’s a difficult thing to jump from one technology to another, even when the new technology is much better and ... [continued]
The post Volkswagen Tries To Help Electric Car Buyers With Cool New Tools & Videos appeared first on CleanTechnica. Consumer Reports' latest car reliability survey suggests electric vehicles (EVs) are causing owners more problems than their hybrid or conventional counterparts. According to the survey, based on owner responses on more than 330,000 vehicles, EVs from the pas… Study allows for the collection of better health and safety data for use in addressing how to safely integrate e-scooters into the transportation system, province says. Huge numbers of Americans, as reflected by polling, are dissatisfied with America under Joe Biden's thumb. Could be because of his pro-transgender and pro-abortion demands, maybe that 9.1% inflation of a year ago, or his insistence that people buy expensive a… At the moment, Americans can't imagine camping in the woods using an electric vehicle. Maybe the cybertruck can change that. -Dawit Habtemariam Ever heard of a halo car? What would it be like to know you could ride your bike or e-bike virtually everywhere without the fear of ... [continued]
The post Designed By NASA For Mars Rovers, These Airless Bike Tires Will Never Go Flat appeared first on CleanTechnica. Although it has jaw-dropping performance, there are some small issues that make the Tesla Cybertruck an acquired taste How to balance the mining demands of the green transition with the industry's social and environmental implications is one of the many topics of discussion at the ongoing COP28 climate conference in Dubai. Plugin vehicles are all the rage in the Chinese auto market. Plugins scored more than 808,000 sales last month, up ... [continued]
The post 26% BEV Share In China! — China EV Sales Report appeared first on CleanTechnica. This week’s Android headlines; Galaxy S24 Ultra design leaks, Pixel 8 Pro AI updates, latest cameraphone shootout, Honor’s folding phone strategy, OnePlus 12 confirmed, Realme’s retail success, and more... Fisker now says it will produce slightly more than 10,000 electric vehicles for 2023. #fisker (marketscreener.com) Talon Metals Corp. , the majority owner and operator of the Tamarack Nickel Project in central Minnesota, commends the Biden Administration for new draft rules published today on the implementation of the "Foreign Entity of Concern" provi… GM is making a U-turn away from its investments in Cruise. What's next? The Biden administration proposed new rules Friday aimed at shifting more production of electric vehicle batteries and the materials that power them to the United States, in an attempt to build up a strategic industry now dominated by China. Ask most people what the annual U.N. climate talks are and the likely answer will be: “Huh?” Ask those who do know and the answer may be: “Why should I care?&quot; The negotiations, called Conference of Parties, are nearly two weeks long and in their 28th ite… Eqis Capital Management Inc. raised its position in Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) by 71.9% during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 5,189 shares of the electric veh… Tesla delivered the first Cybertrucks yesterday, and with that delivery event came the revelation that in order to get the range it promised, the Cybertruck needs a separate battery pack in the bed. But a similar battery pack system was already patented years… As I took my first breath in this future neighborhood, the air had a fragrant quality that I didn’t recognize. I could hear a person shout something, maybe a block away. It’s much quieter than the world I left. There’s certainly a smell of home cooking in the… (marketscreener.com) LOS ANGELES, Dec. 01, 2023 -- Xos, Inc. , a leading electric truck manufacturer and fleet electrification services provider, today announced that it intends to effect a 1-for-30 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of … LOS ANGELES, Dec. 01, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xos, Inc. (Nasdaq: XOS), a leading electric truck manufacturer and fleet electrification services provider, today announced that it intends to effect a 1-for-30 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding s… The COP28 delegation led by Vice President Kamala Harris said new federal efforts to accelerate clean energy launched by the Biden Administration set a meaningful... At their recent summit in San Francisco, US President Joe Biden and Chinese President Xi Jinping made progress in a few key areas. Notably, they agreed to resume direct military-to-military communications in order to reduce the chances of accidental conflict.… The U.S. proposed new guidelines Friday spelling out which electric vehicles will be eligible for tax credits, ruling out those that contain batteries or minerals sourced from China and other nations that have fallen out of favor with the U.S.


The restricti… If EV battery materials are from China, the car wouldn't qualify for a full $7,500 federal tax credit Americans could have a harder time finding electric vehicles that qualify for a full $7,500 federal tax credit under new rules proposed Friday that are likely to hinder President Joe Biden's goal that half of new passenger vehicles sold in the U.S. run on ele… Tesla's Cybertruck will charge other EVs and power your house as well. Here are all the details on this.
The post Tesla’s Cybertruck Will Charge Other EVs And Power Your House first appeared on Redmond Pie. The 90-minute exchange, moderated by Fox News commentator Sean Hannity, covered topics ranging from the economy to abortion to homelessness to the Israel-Hamas war. Filed under:
Green,Tesla,Truck,Electric,Future Vehicles,Off-Road Vehicles,Performance

Continue reading Tesla Cybertruck's amazing feats lack context and details (so don't get too excited)

Tesla Cybertruck's amazing feats lack context and details (so don't g… The strength of the Cybertruck's "armored glass" window remains a mystery. The Cybertruck is finally here! Yesterday, Tesla held its long-awaited delivery event, and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, fresh off his X interview where he told …
The post All the weird announcements from Tesla’s Cybertruck delivery event appeared first on BGR. They have $7B to spend, but previous subsidies caused a broken charging network.   Here's how to do it better Nearly 4,000 car dealerships are begging Joe Biden to pull back on the “unrealistic” EV mandates. The EVs are piling up on lots and carmakers are losing billions of dollars. A group of 3,882 dealers sent President Biden a letter begging him to lighten future … After finalizing his semiconductor export controls, where President Biden may look next is unclear leaving lawmakers and lobbyists looking to make their mark. U.S. to impose limitations on Chinese battery content for EV tax credits Consumer Reports' latest car reliability survey suggests electric vehicles (EVs) are causing owners more problems than their hybrid or conventional counterparts. According to the survey, based on owner responses on more than 330,000 vehicles, EVs from the pas… Spännande...










Tidigare idag fick vi reda på att Nevs elbil Emily GT blivit uppköpt av det libanesiska företaget EV Electra. Det drivs av entreprenören Jihad Mohammad och han var idag på plats i Göteborg där det var elbilsmässa och där Emily GT ställd… Democratic West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin is blasting the Biden administration and accusing it of breaking the law after the Treasury Department released electric vehicle guidance. Americans could have a harder time finding electric vehicles that qualify for a full $7,500 federal tax credit under new rules being proposed Legacy auto makers struggle with new tech, and upstarts suffer teething problems with first cars Consumer Reports' latest car reliability survey suggests electric vehicles (EVs) are causing owners more problems than their hybrid or conventional counterparts.… Talks about how to wean the world off fossil fuels are taking place in one of the globe's leading petrostates. Massive increases in green energy and who should pay will be up for discussion. 100% större chans att träffa rätt






Jag visade en grej för Roger idag som han inte visste om, så jag tänkte att jag tipsar alla er andra också. När man drar ner på hemskärmen i iOS så får man fyra appar som förslag från Siri. Jag och Roger pratade om att … Nio delivered a total of 55,432 vehicles during the third quarter Shares of Nio (NYSE:NIO) are trading lower after the Chinese electric vehicle ( ) company reported its deliveries for the month of November. Nio delivered 15,959 vehicles, up by 12.6% year over… U.S. Senator Ed Markey of Massachusetts has sent a much-needed letter to car manufacturers asking them to clarify a surprisingly hard question to answer: what data cars collect? Who has the ability to access that data? Private companies can often be a black b… Subscriptions aren't just for streaming services. Groceries, clothes, pet supplies and even extra horsepower for Mercedes-Benz' electric vehicles can now be bought for a monthly fee. David Mack, a freelance writer and reporter who recently wrote a New York Ti… Såklart












Det har varit lite överdos på Tesla idag, jag lovar att det här är den sista artikeln för dagen. När Tesla visade upp Cybertruck för första gången så skulle man visa hur starkt glas man hade i fönstret, men det gick åt pipsvängen. Glaset g… The U.S. drew up a multi-part deal for the two countries to deescalate fighting between their forces. The government proposed new rules Friday that could make it harder for electric vehicles to qualify for a full $7,500 federal tax credit, complicating efforts to meet President Joe Biden’s goal that half of new passenger vehicles sold in the U.S. run on elect… The EV maker delivered the first finished examples of its battery-powered pickup. BEIJING -- China on Friday began requiring government approval for exports of graphite, a key material for batteries used in electric vehicles, in an apparent counter to U.S.-led curbs targeting China's tech sector. The measure is based on legislation to stre… Biden wants half of new cars to be electric by 2030—but new rules proposed Friday would effectively raise prices on EVs with Chinese batteries. Forager Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Garrett Motion Inc. (NYSE:GTX – Free Report) by 3.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,313,558 shares of th… Trots små uppdateringar för årets modeller






Apple ökade sina leveranser av Apple Watch med 7 procent jämfört med förra året enligt siffror från Counterpoint Research. Detta ska ha relaterat till att den smarta klockan haft sitt bästa tredje kvartal någon… (marketscreener.com) The Biden administration
on Friday issued-long awaited guidance that will limit Chinese
content in batteries eligible for electric vehicle tax credits
starting next year.
 In a win for automakers, the U.S. Treasury will temporarily
exempt… Italy's Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni posted a selfie with her Indian counterpart Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the COP28 climate summit in Dubai. General Motors, and GM stock, have been caught in a perfect storm in 2023. The economy is slowing, labor costs are rising, and it isn’t selling electric vehicles as fast as the company hoped.#generalmotors Here’s a pretty reliable sign you’re having a great career in journalism: You’re meeting exceptionally interesting people on a regular basis. Indeed, some of them are people you work with every day.All of us at IEEE Spectrum have experienced that good fortune… Ännu en robot som ballar ur










Här kommer trailern för den kommande filmen T.I.M. som utspelar sig i en framtid där robotar fungerar som personliga assistenter till människor. 

Roboten T.I.M. (Eamon Farren) är en robot som blir kär i sin ägare Abi (Ge… Electric arc furnaces can use up to 100% scrap steel as its raw material, resulting in a significant reduction in emissions. Aftermarket repair parts for electric cars are not widely available but ZF is looking to fill the need with dedicated repair kits. 
The post ZF Takes One Small Step For Electric Cars appeared first on CleanTechnica. Electric vehicles made with materials and minerals originating from China will not be eligible for a full $7,500 tax credit, the Biden Administration announced Friday, in a proposal aimed at curbing China’s dominance over the EV supply chain, but that might a… President Felix Tshisekedi, who once vowed to transform DR Congo into “the Germany of Africa”, has promised to create jobs if he is re-elected, after a first term marked by economic growth but soaring inflation. The 60-year-old has presided over years of econ… Chief Financial Officer Paul Jacobson addressed recent concerns about GM, including issues with electric vehicles. On Wednesday, the city of Detroit and the Michigan Department of Transportation said crews have finished installing a wireless-charging public roadway. null / L'Osservatore Romano.

CNA Staff, Dec 1, 2023 / 12:41 pm (CNA).
A defining theme of Pope Francis’ papacy has been his urging of humanity to better care for the natural environment, which he has done most prominently in his landmark 2015 encyclical Laud… Kommer 14 december












Den sista säsongen av The Crown är uppdelad i två delar och den 14 december är det dags för andra delens avsnitt att dyka upp på Netflix. Jag har kollat på några avsnitt av första delen och jag tycker verkligen att serien fortfa… Sales up nearly 20% compared with the same month last year, and 22% compared with October A la hora de comprar un coche eléctrico, uno de los temores de los conductores tiene que ver con una red de cargadores ineficiente y muy escasa. Una gran solución de futuro podrían ser las carreteras eléctricas, que cargan tu vehículo simplemente pasando por … Electric vehicles made with materials and minerals originating from China will not be eligible for a full $7,500 tax credit, the Biden Administration announced Friday,... Om att erbjuda ett streamingpaket tillsammans






Wall Street Journal rapporterar att Apple och Paramount diskuterar att erbjuda ett streamingpaket tillsammans, för ett billigare pris än om man skulle betala om tjänsterna var för sig. Än så länge har vi int… New car buyers are taking a penchant for the handful of hybrid vehicles currently on sale in the Indian market such as Maruti Suzuki Grand Vitara, Toyota Urban Cruiser Hyryder, Honda City and Toyota Innova Hycross. New car buyers are taking a penchant for the handful of hybrid vehicles currently on sale in the Indian market such as Maruti Suzuki Grand Vitara, Toyota Urban Cruiser Hyryder, Honda City and Toyota Innova Hycross. The main challenge for addressing climate change a decade ago was how to develop low-cost, low-carbon solutions such as wind or solar power. Since that hurdle has been cleared, we now need to focus on social dimensions to deploying solutions quickly and at la… Westwood Holdings Group Inc. cut its stake in shares of Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA – Free Report) by 94.4% during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 1,922 shares of the electric v… (marketscreener.com) Governments, development banks
and companies announced on Friday initiatives to mobilise
billions in climate cash at the COP28 summit where the UAE has
made increasing financing central to its leadership of the U.N.
talks.
 So far the wor… The Biden administration proposed eligibility rules for electric vehicle tax credits on Friday. China’s leading EV maker, BYD, notched another sales record in November. BYD continues surging, with over 170,000 fully electric vehicles sold last month. The strong performance propelled the automaker past Nissan for the first time in sales.
 more…
The post … <table><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Combining old-school cool with state-of-the-art battery-powered performance.</td></tr></table> HBO har gjort en dokumentär om träd










HBO har släppt en trailer för sin naturdokumentär Trees and Other Entanglements som ni kan kolla in här ovanför. Det handlar om en dokumentär som fokuserar på träd och i dokumentären får tittarna följa ett antal p… Amid eye-watering winds, 1100m above sea level, stands a remarkable engineering project. Tesla finally held its Cybertruck delivery party on Thursday, formally detailing specifications and pricing for its long-awaited pickup truck as it handed over an initial batch of vehicles to a handful of early reservation holders. In an increasingly prevalen… WASHINGTON : General Motors said Friday that it expects many of its electric vehicles to qualify for U.S. tax credits next year after new stricter rules limiting Chinese battery content take effect."Due to GM’s historic investments in the U.S and efforts to b… (marketscreener.com) General Motors said Friday that it expects many of its electric vehicles to qualify for U.S. tax credits next year after new stricter rules limiting Chinese battery content take effect.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENERAL-MO… Mini Cooper is taking over the Sphere in Las Vegas to unveil its latest rollout, the next generation of all-electric MINIs. Taking center stage for the campaign is Mini’s new personal assistant technology, Spike. Little Dog, Mini Cooper, Giant Sphere—what’s n… Kommer till PlayStation VR2










Capcom släpper snart ett tillägg till remaken av Resident Evil 4 vilket lägger till ett VR-läge till spelet som går att spela med PlayStation VR2. 

I VR-läget kan man välja att spela kampanjen som finns i spelet, såväl s… Tesla finally delivered Cybertrucks to a handful of owners, such as Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian.